what's going on guys welcome to another
madden 15 ultimate team video and we
have some new legends dropping within
the game today first we have a Dan
Marino you can do ground and pound and
speed run or short pass and long pass
now let's go ahead before we jump into
the Dan Marino let's take a look at the
Tris Porter set from last week because
they have changed something you're going
to notice the Chris Carter took two
elite badges last week where previously
they only took one elite badge as you're
going to see for example with the kellen
winslow but they have updated the
legendary sets now where it looks like
you only need one elite badge so I don't
know what they're going to do about the
Chris Carter set if they're going to
take that second elite badge out of it
what they're going to do there but it
looks like moving forward we are going
to have just one elite badge from now on
I know a lot of people were pushing for
that and ultimate team listened and came
through with it so here we go here's the
set for the 96 overall dan Marino we're
going to go ahead and take a look at his
reward item giving plus 10 to both long
pass and short pass in this specific set
and he has 95 awareness 97 throw power
99 throw accuracy and 96 throat deep so
this is a really nice Dan Marino guard
and you know it is the third highest
overall rating quarterback sitting only
behind the limited edition football
outsider of Andrew Luck and prompt on
Peyton Manning both of those guys had 97
/ all items dropped within the game but
you can do the set to get the 96 overall
dan Marino so moving forward the legend
that you can pull from pax the one that
everyone is going to be going after
ninety seven overall ronnie Lott let's
go ahead and take a look at his item
giving plus eight to pass rush + 92 zone
defense he's got 93 speed 92 agility 90
zone coverage 90 play wreck
and we're going to just talk for a
second about safeties in ultimate team
now he is the highest overall rated
strong safety and the second highest
overall ready currently was the most
feared kam chancellor who is sitting out
of 94 now if we're just going to talk
safeties in general strong safeties and
free safeties I think the flashback at
read maybe beats him out just a little
bit you know just for example pretty
much the only thing that ronnie Lott is
better at the ned read is tackling he
has an 84 where ed has 76 but other than
that I think Ed Reed slightly edges him
out for the better safety just in case
you guys were wondering but this runny
light is still an amazing legendary item
and it is the highest overall rated
strong safety currently in the game so
we have some really nice legendary items
dropped within the game today and it's
just up to you guys if you want run you
lot do you want ed Reed maybe you'll
switch them at different positions but
there you guys have the brand new
legends so let's go ahead and open some
packs we're going to try to pull this
Ronny life alright guys so Before we
jump into the packs i just wanted to
point out i'm sure maybe some of you
have noticed this banner it actually
says elite rod woodson is now impact but
we do know that it is ronnie Lott so
just clearing that up for you guys in
case you had any questions about it but
we're just going to go ahead and jump on
into the store to show you guys that
here are the special d packs and bundles
that I kind of speculated we'd probably
have yesterday they are in the game
today you can get the seven pack bundle
which comes with two legendary items
that could be a collectible or player in
your topper and you can get the single
legend pack so i'm going to go ahead and
open my usual pro packs for this
legendary release and i thought about
picking up a couple of legend packs
before they take them out of the game
i'm just going to see what I'll do there
but what are we going to have in our
first pack we get a 79 overall CJ
spiller but we did get a couple of free
agents looks like i have already added
the first one to the set but we do have
a Sean Locklear and maybe I can go ahead
and sell
the second Alfonso Smith now last night
I was randomly opening just a couple of
packs and I actually pulled one of the
new rising stars so we pull Alfonso
Smith in the second straight pack that's
crazy but what I was going to say was we
pulled a rising star last night and i
sold it for 11 k and we pull a road to
the playoffs DeSean Jackson 84 overall
let's go ahead and take a look at him
with the 95 speed 94 elusiveness 91
spectacular catch this looks like a
really nice item that does give plus 52
ground and pound and I'm really excited
about that pool you know it's not really
in a set but it is still a very good
overall DeSean Jackson sitting at 84 I'm
sure if I don't keep that item somebody
will probably pick it up off the auction
block I'm pretty interested to see what
he actually sells for and you know guys
the rare elite limited edition football
outsiders I wonder what those are
sitting at right now they seem pretty
hard to come by and there it is guys the
rising star of the week I actually
pulled the man defense and sold him last
night so i'll probably just hang on to
this one in case i do pull that second
one at some time before they take those
out of packs we do have another free
agent which I've already added to the
set just trying to get the extra badge
packs so i may sell that as well but i'm
gonna go ahead and throw this in my
binder but yeah i was just going to say
I wonder what the elite outsiders are
sitting at if you guys have pulled one
lately go ahead and let me know in the
comments below who it was as well as
what number they were speaking of elite
items guys where are the elite road to
the playoffs items I want to pull one
again so here we have Jordan Rogers this
is the brother of Aaron Rodgers for
those of you that may not have known
that he's already added to the set I
could go ahead and sell him as well it
seems like these free agents are just
everywhere now that they've put the sets
within the game before they add two sets
we were kind of upset pulling those I'm
kind of glad to get them now because you
can sell them for a decent amount of
coin so we end this pack with a 75
overall DeAngelo Williams alright guys
i'm just going to go through this pack
as fast as I possibly can maybe that's
going to change our luck what did we get
I seen it change color
we got a 74 overall do some a young who
is needed for the Raiders and BP set at
least he is part of a set what else did
we get in this pack i'm just going to
take a brief look doesn't look like
anything too crazy unless you guys
notice something we got one more pack to
open let's pull a legend card you know
we're going to pull him I know we're
going to pull them we got brandon smith
and louis nix alright we're doing the
crisscross method for our last and final
pack it has been a moment since we
pulled a legendary player in ultimate
team and that first poll was crazy we
want to get crazy again so come on where
is it at and we pull a jason babin still
another free agent that we can add to a
set which i have already done so i can
go ahead and sell that i don't know how
many coins i'm looking at selling off of
these free edge of players i have gotten
in this pack opening but we do have
quite a few we got the DeSean Jackson we
pulled a rising star you know even
though we didn't get the legendary items
that we were looking for we still had a
pretty solid pack opening today once
again good luck to you guys opening
packs I hope you have enjoyed this video
if you did go ahead and shatter the like
button and subscribe for more so until
next time guys roll tide